So in the last lecture we do get at this firebase project and we had changed the rules.
Now let's start sending HTB requests to this endpoint and to send HTP requests.
We of course should install a new package in our course project.
We do this with NPM install dash dash save x yes is the package I want to install because you're just
like any HTP module.
Want to use axes to set my age to keep the requests.
You can of course use different Ajax package but actually is really great and I can only recommend it.
Thereafter we can restart the daemon opens her with NPM start.
And now of course we want to add access to our application.
In the last course module use all different ways of adding it adding it by creating an access instance
or simply importing it and potentially setting up some defaults.
Now I will added by adding xes instance but you could also just imported globally and set these global
defaults you saw in the last module.
Definitely play around with both.
Choose whichever one you like more.
Now to create an instance of X years I'm going to create a new file and I'm going to name these X's
orders dot Jesus because of go use that for all the order related stuff in there there I now need to
import x years from the ex-US package and then call X create and pass a javascript object to configure
it.
Now there are set up the base you are l to that lbf I just copied from firebase dessous your you are
Alwar you want to send your request to to store your data in the database.
And again just in case you missed it it's this part.
You can see under database Dator that is what I set up as my default base your L here of course does
it says which gets created here should be stored in some constants or a constant or variable and naming
it instance here.
And then I can export this as the file default.
Now I have my own access instance configured for this your et al.
This is also the reason why I use this instance approach because later in the course when we add authentication
we'll all use a different u r l with x yes.
So I don't want to set to space you or as a global default even though for the moment I could do that.
So now we get the access instance created.
That's great.
Let's now Vaun to actually sending requester.